I was going on family this is Melissa
Torrio from Carlton Maybelle okay any
true music aka see the truth I just want
to drop this song on you all real quick
you saved me by Nicki Minaj I heard it I
was working out in the gym and I had
Pandora and I heard it and I heard the
piano and I was like this is just so
sweet I got to give it back to the fam
so this all is extremely simple so I'm
gonna run to it we're gonna play it for
you first then I'm gonna show you how to
play strong balls like this
you get the point
it's about this I think it's my four
chords in this song so imma show it to
you real quick and it just repeats
itself so it's very simple the first
core and your right hand you want to do
a F a flat B flat D flat in your left
hand doesn't a B flat in the bass second
chord you want to hit a was it
second chord you want to hit a a flat D
flat E flat F with a D flat in the bass
the third chord you want to hit a era in
b-flat
d-flat
a flat
hitter g-flat in the base
okay so that's the first three chords
then in your left here you want to do a
so that's uh you're already here
they're gonna go to F we're gonna hit
you're gonna eat your teeth a year then
you gotta get a half doing an E flat
d flat there you go go right back to
your B flat then you're gonna hit your
first chord again which is you're a mess
a flat B flat first chord you're gonna
hit your second chord again but this
time you're gonna hit a flat and then go
to your second core
so you here
and in your last court to finish this
off in your right hand a G flat B flat D
flat enough the 11 hit that G flat to
the base
okay so that's it I went do it real slow
so you can get it they make it known as
upstairs but I'm gonna play through a
real slowly for you so you could you can
really get it so it's here
and that's it so it just keeps looping
if you liked it hit that like button
comment if you have anything to say
dislike if you don't like it if you want
if you have any requests or you just
want to talk to me personally you can
email me I'll put my email in the
description and yeah that's good I hope
you enjoy it come to come to my channel
if you want some really good tutorials
and I take requests so thank you all
have a nice day